{\rtf1\ansi \deff4\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f30\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 HellasSouv;}{\f32\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 HellasTimes;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\f4\fs20\lang2057 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\title X-CAP}{\author EE&CS}{\operator EE&CS}{\creatim\yr1994\mo2\dy24\hr12\min16}
{\revtim\yr1994\mo2\dy24\hr12\min16}{\version2}{\edmins2}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}{\vern49197}}\paperw11906\paperh16838 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0 \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\endnhere {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \qc \f4\fs20\lang2057 {\b\f30\fs48 X-CAP}{\b\f30\fs32 
\par }\pard \qc {\b\f30\fs32 
\par  A Graphical User Interface for the Switcap Program
\par 
\par }\pard \qc {\b\f30\fs40 
\par INSTALLATION NOTES
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard {\b\i\f30\fs28 Hardware Platform Requirements:
\par }\pard {\b\i\f30\fs28 
\par }{\b\f30\fs28 X-CAP }{\f30\fs28 operates on Sun and Hewlett-Packard workstations.
\par 
\par }{\b\i\f30\fs28 System Software Requirements:
\par 
\par }\pard {\f30\fs28 The X11 Window System Release 4 and up with any window manager (twm, mwm etc.) is required.
\par }\pard {\b\f30\fs40 
\par }\pard {\b\i\f30\fs28 Installation Guides for the System Administrator:
\par }\pard \qj {\b\i\f30\fs28 
\par }\pard \qj {\f30\fs28 First, an appropriate directory to hold the }{\b\f30\fs28 X-CAP}{\f30\fs28  software needs to be created. The installation directory chosen is referred to as }{\f32\fs28 <}{\f32\fs30 xcap_home_dir>}{\f30\fs28 
 throughout this manual. The necessary steps to download the software are as follows:
\par }\pard \qj {\f30\fs28 
\par 1. Log in to the target system.
\par 2. Go to the appropriate directory you have previously created:
\par 
\par }\pard \qc {\b\f32\fs28 #}{\f32\fs28  cd <xcap_home_dir>
\par }\pard \qc {\f32\fs28 
\par }\pard \qj {\f30\fs28 3. Insert the distribution tape in the tape device. We assume for this example that the tape device name is }{\f32\fs28 /dev/rmt/0m. }{\f30\fs28 Then type:
\par }\pard \qj {\f30\fs28 
\par }\pard \qc {\b\f32\fs28 # }{\f32\fs28 tar xvf /dev/rmt/0m
\par }\pard \qc {\f32\fs28 
\par }\pard \qj {\f30\fs28 The necessary files will be extracted from the system. When this procedure is completed, you will get the system prompt on the screen.
\par }\pard \qj {\f30\fs28 
\par }\pard \qj {\f30\fs28 4. Run the setup script (file }{\f32\fs28 setup}{\f30\fs28 ) and answer all the questions prompted.
\par }\pard \qj {\f30\fs28 Make sure that a }{\f32\fs28 csh }{\f30\fs28 is invoked
\par 
\par }\pard \qc {\f30\fs28 OR
\par }\pard \qj {\f30\fs28 opy the file }{\f32\fs28 prepare_xsw_skeleton}{\f30\fs28  to the file }{\f32\fs28 .prepare_xsw }{\f30\fs28 and change the appropriate environment variables accordingly.
\par }\pard \qj {\f30\fs28 
\par 
\par }{\b\i\f30\fs28 Installation Guides for the User
\par 
\par }\pard \qj {\f30\fs28 1. Ask your system administrator to copy to your home directory the file }{\f32\fs28 .prepare_xsw.
\par }\pard \qj {\f30\fs28 
\par }\pard \qj {\f30\fs28 2. Make sure that you always operate the software under a csh.
\par }\pard \qj {\f30\fs28 
\par 3. Insert the command line
\par 
\par }\pard \qc {\f32\fs28 source .prepare_xsw
\par }\pard \qc {\f32\fs28 
\par }\pard \qj {\f30\fs28 in your }{\f32\fs28 .cshrc}{\f30\fs28  file.
\par }\pard \qj {\f30\fs28 
\par }\pard \qj {\f30\fs28 4. Modify the following environment variables to reflect your own configuration:
\par }\pard \qj {\f30\fs28 
\par }\pard \qj {\b\f32\fs28 XSCIRCUITS }{\f30\fs28 : The directory name where your circuit designs will be stored.
\par }\pard \qj {\f30\fs28 
\par }\pard \qj {\b\f32\fs28 XSSUBCIRCUITS}{\f30\fs28  : The directory name where your subcircuit designs will be stored.
\par }\pard \qj {\f30\fs28 
\par }\pard \qj {\b\f32\fs28 XSSCRATCH }{\f30\fs28 : The directory name where temporary files will be kept.
\par }\pard \qj {\f30\fs28 
\par }\pard \qj {\b\f32\fs28 XSINPUTFILES}{\f30\fs28  : The directory name where your standard Columbia University's Switcap input files will be stored.
\par }\pard \qj {\f30\fs28 
\par }\pard \qj {\b\f32\fs28 XSOUTPUTFILES}{\f30\fs28  : The directory name where your standard Columbia University's Switcap output files will be stored.
\par }\pard \qj {\f30\fs28 
\par }\pard \qj {\f30\fs28 You can change these variables by modifying the appropriate entries in the }{\f32\fs28 .prepare_xsw }{\f30\fs28 file using a text editor.
\par }\pard \qj {\f30\fs28 
\par }\pard \qj {\f30\fs28 5. Have the directory }{\f32\fs28 <xcap_home_dir>}{\f30\fs28  included in your PATH environment variable.
\par }\pard \qj {\f30\fs28 
\par 6. Under the X11 Window System, type
\par 
\par }\pard \qc {\b\f32\fs28 # xcap
\par }}